Overview:
	You are gentle, caring, complex and highly intuitive individuals. Artistic and creative, you live in a world of hidden meanings and possibilities. Only one percent of the population has your Personality Type, making it the most rare of all the types.

	You place great importance on havings things orderly and systematic in their outer world. You put a lot of energy into identifying the best system for getting things done, and constantly define and re-define the priorities in their lives. On the other hand, you operate within yourself on an intuitive basis which is entirely spontaneous. They know things intuitively, without being able to pinpoint why, and without detailed knowledge of the subject at hand. You are usually right, and they usually know it. 
Strength:
	1.	Creative:
			You have a vivid imagination with a strong sense of compassion
	2.	Insightful:
			You have the capability to step past manipulation and sales tactics and into a more honest discussion.
	3.	Inspiring and Convincing:
			You see how people and events are connected, and are able to use that insight to get to the heart of the matter
	4.	Decisive:
			Your creativity, insight and inspiration are able to have a real impact on the world, as you are able to follow through on their ideas with conviction, willpower, and the planning necessary to see complex projects through to the end. 

Weakness:
	1.	Sensitive:		
			When someone challenges or criticizes your principles or values, they are likely to receive an alarmingly strong response.
	2.	Extremely Private:
			You tend to present themselves as the culmination of an idea. This is partly because you believe in this idea, but also because you are extremely private when it comes to your personal life, using this image to keep yourself from having to truly open up, even to close friends.
	3.	Can Burn Out Easily:
			Your passion, poor patience for routine maintenance, tendency to present themselves as an ideal, and extreme privacy tend to leave You with few options for letting off steam.
	4.	Always Need to Have a Cause: 