Overview:
	Your primary mode of living is focused internally, where you take things in primarily via your intuition. Your secondary mode is external, where you deal with things rationally and logically.
	You are natural leaders, although they usually choose to remain in the background until they see a real need to take over the lead. You can be the supreme strategists - always scanning available ideas and concepts and weighing them against their current strategy, to plan for every conceivable contingency.

	
Strength:
	1.	Quick, Imaginative and Strategic Mind-
			You use their creativity and imagination not so much for artistry, but for planning contingencies and courses of action for all possible scenarios.
	2. 	High Self-Confidence:
			You trust your rationalism above all else, so when you come to a conclusion, you have no reason to doubt your findings.
	3.	Independent and Decisive-
			Authority figures do not impress you, nor do social conventions or tradition, and no matter how popular something is, if you have a better idea, you will stand against anyone in a bid to have it changed.
	4. 	Open-minded-
			You stay open to new ideas, supported by logic.
	5. 	Jacks-of-all-Trades-
			Your open-mindedness, determination, independence, confidence and strategic abilities make you capable of doing anything you set their minds to.
Weakness:
	1.	Arrogant-
			You are perfectly capable of carrying their confidence too far, falsely believing that you’ve resolved all the pertinent issues of a matter and closing yourself off to the opinions of those you believe to be intellectually inferior. 
	2.	Judgmental-
			Yor are often judgemental over things.

	3.	Overly analytical-
			A recurring theme with you is your analytical prowess, but this strength can fall painfully short where logic doesn’t rule – such as with human relationships.
	4. 	Loathe highly structured environments-
			Blindly following precedents and rules without understanding them is distasteful to you.