Overview:
Your primary mode of living is focused internally, where you deal with things rationally and logically. Your secondary mode is external, where you take things in primarily via your intuition.
You live in the world of theoretical possibilities. You see everything in terms of how it could be improved, or what it could be turned into. You live primarily inside their own minds, having the ability to analyze difficult problems, identify patterns, and come up with logical explanations. You seek clarity in everything, and are therefore driven to build knowledge.

Strength:
	1.	Great Analysts and Abstract Thinkers-
			You view the world as a big, complex machine, and recognize that as with any machine, all parts are interrelated. You can excel in analyzing these connections, seeing how seemingly unrelated factors tie in with each other in ways that bewilder most other personality types
	2.	Imaginative and Original-

	3.	Open-Minded-
			You couldn’t make these connections if you thought you knew it all – you are highly receptive to alternate theories, so long as you’re supported by logic and facts. In more subjective matters like social norms and traditions, you are usually fairly liberal, with a "none of my business" sort of attitude – peoples’ ideas are what matter.
	4. 	Enthusiastic-
			When a new idea piques your interest, you can be very enthusiastic – you are a reserved personality type, but if another person shares an interest, you can be downright excited about discussing it.
	6.	Honest and Straightforward-
			To know one thing and say another would be terribly disingenuous – You don’t often go around intentionally hurting feelings, but you believe that the truth is the most important factor, and they expect that to be appreciated and reciprocated.

Weakness:
	1.	Very Private and Withdrawn-
			You are quite shy in social settings. More complicated situations such as parties exacerbate this, but even your close friends struggle to get into your hearts and minds.
	2.	Insensitive-
			You sometimes get so caught up in logic that you forget any kind of emotional consideration – you're likely to  dismiss subjectivity as irrational and tradition as an attempt to bar much-needed progress.
	3.	Absent-minded-
			When your interest is captured, your absence goes beyond social matters to include the rest of the physical world. You become forgetful, missing even the obvious if it’s unrelated to their current infatuation, and they can even forget their own health, skipping meals and sleep as they muse.
	4.	Loathe Rules and Guidelines-
			These social struggles are partly a product of your desire to bypass the rules, of social conduct and otherwise.